Write a reaction log (150 or more words). This log should be completed after reading/viewing all this week’s materials:
a. Textbook Preface.
It's been a few years since i've loooked at this text, but recall it's a good one.  
I'm excitited to start using it via github and putting that tool to use - something i've been meaning to learn how to use for years now, but never gotten around to it.  As there really wasnt a strong reason as to devoting the time to learning how to use it...
The section that jumps out as potentially most interesting at this point is the Javadoc Appendix - perhaps i'll spend some time there and brush up on some of those documentation standards.  This could well prove to be a good section to reference for the students - they always struggle to understand and implement proper documentation.  I've used basic templates in the past - like a standard framework they have to copy, but to give them a reading could be good also.

b. Textbook Chapter 1.
Good to look over these fundamentals.  I've taught them all for years, but usually in an organic fashion.  I might take this chapter and excerpts from it for the classroom.
Right now, just want to figure out how to setup the dev environment on my computer: Ubuntu, CLI integrated with github and VSC.  --> will need to spend some time here to figure all this out.  Indeed for this weeks exercises!
I've often attempted to have students set up there own local dev env on their own computers for class, but this is always a pain of a task.  So I've in recent years tended to use online platforms more and more, like Trinket.  Nonetheless, I still like the idea of a local env so will do so again myself.

c. Textbook Chapter 2.
Good to simply browse through the content - as review, but primarily thinking of it as a potential official source for my Java course in the Spring.
Spent some time setting up VSC and github and am now editing this file along with the text exercises inside of VSC.

d. Textbook Chapter 3.
Classical temp convert program...  groaned initially but was good to review and do it myself over again as not having dealt with Java for some time, I was reminded ever so graciously by the compiler that import statements must come first, above all else... ahuh.  :-P
Good to review all this stuff over again however.  And good tip at the end re: reading in integers..  Not sure if i ever knew that one!
Was good to do a few fundamentals style exercises.  Been a minute since Java, and programming in general..  always takes a bit to get the brain back into the line of thinking.
A whole bunch of basic fundamental excercises are useful in the classroom - however I often find that some kids fly through them and others perpetually struggle and then the whole class becomes fractured between those who can and those who just struggle until the very last day.

e. Coding Mentors video (item #5).
Good to review.  But otherwise was someting I was already well aware of.  Definitely worth sharing with students however.

f. Zamansky video (item #6b).
Similarly, good to review, but didn't learn anything new here.  Not a video that would capture a HS student however.

2. Answer the following:
a. What are the top things you learned from these out-of-class readings, videos, and exercises?
b. What information surprised you? What might you share with others or your current/future students?
c. What might you consider implementing in your own classroom?
d. What do you need to explore more? What the knowledge and skills that you may need to return to in the future to strengthen?
e. While it is good to reference specific materials in your discussion, please do not summarize the materials.
